ISPN-11263 CDI extension doc updates (#7953)
infinispan/infinispan: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/topics/proc_cdi_injecting_embedded.adoc

[id='cdi_inject_embed']
= Injecting Embedded Caches
Set up CDI beans to inject embedded caches.

.Procedure

. Create a cache qualifier annotation.
+
[source,java]
----
...
import javax.inject.Qualifier;

@Qualifier
@Target({ElementType.FIELD, ElementType.PARAMETER, ElementType.METHOD})
@Retention(RetentionPolicy.RUNTIME)
@Documented
public @interface GreetingCache { <1>
}
----
+
<1> creates a `@GreetingCache` qualifier.
+

> . Add a producer class that defines cache configuration objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add a producer method that defines the cache configuration.
```

+
[source,java]
----
...
import org.infinispan.configuration.cache.Configuration;
import org.infinispan.configuration.cache.ConfigurationBuilder;
import org.infinispan.cdi.ConfigureCache;
import javax.enterprise.inject.Produces;

public class Config {

    @ConfigureCache("mygreetingcache") <1>
    @GreetingCache <2>
    @Produces
    public Configuration greetingCacheConfiguration() {
        return new ConfigurationBuilder()
                    .memory()
                        .size(1000)
                    .build();
    }
}
----
+
<1> names the cache to inject.
<2> adds the cache qualifier.
+

> . Configure transport for clustered cache modes, if required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add a producer method that creates a clustered cache manager, if required
```

+
[source,java]
----
...
package org.infinispan.configuration.global.GlobalConfigurationBuilder;

public class Config {

>     @GreetingCache

Reviewer: I'd add a note here too, saying smth like 

```
<1> adds the cache qualifier. Normally an application does not need more than one cache manager, and the cache manager producer should have no qualifier.
```

Or maybe it's better to mention this in the existing note 2?
